PL release notes for 794xx (#1913)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/platform.md

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

## Latest - May 31, 2023, version 794xx

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="What's new">
```

> - Harness now blocks any RBAC change event that creates more than 2 million Access Control Lists (ACLs). (PL-38756)

Reviewer: I don't think this will make sense for customers .. customers don't know how many ACLs get created when they make any change .. don't think we should add it to release notes.

  Harness uses Access Control Lists (ACLs) for faster authorization checks. Principals, resource types, permissions, and scopes contribute to the number of ACLs created for role assignment.

- You can now see the total number of secrets in the secrets list and sort them by various columns. (PL-31528)

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Early access">
```

This release does not include any early access feature.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Fixed issues">
```

- The SSH secret reference gets created even if secret creation fails due to a validation error. (PL-38549, ZD-44073)

  Reference creation now only occurs if the SSH secret is created.

- The error message displayed during pipeline execution when connector permissions are missing is unclear. (PL-32662)

>   A code enhancement to display appropriate error message fixed this issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  A code enhancement to display an appropriate error message fixed this issue.
```

- The creation of SSH or WinRM secrets in a project or organization after disabling Harness' built-in secret manager is not supported.  (PL-32562)
  
  A code enhancement has fixed this issue.

> - The comparison of email addresses during login is case-sensitive. (PL-32198)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The comparison of email addresses during sign in is case-sensitive. (PL-32198)
```

  A code enhancement has fixed this issue.

- The error message displayed when permissions are missing during pipeline execution does not mention the corresponding resource Id. (PL-31350)

  A code enhancement to display the resource Id in the error message fixed this issue.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

## Previous releases

<details>
<summary>2023 releases</summary>

#### May 23, 2023, version 79306

##### What's new

> - You can now fetch the list of delegates registered to an account using the Harness API. You can also filter these by scope, tags, status, and version. (PL-37981, ZD-40508,40688)

Reviewer 2: This ticket is now on the list for 794xx and wasn't included in the 79306 release per Prateek. Recommend moving under What's new for 794xx.
